hey everyone so my friend send me a
trailer to the attack on Titan
live-action movie and I first wanted to
even know they were making a live-action
movie which is awesome
I'm really excited now that I know it's
happening
I've been watching the series I haven't
finished it I'm super busy but I'm
really enjoying it so far the animation
was awesome and another reason I really
like it's because the director of attack
on Titan is a director of my favorite
anime Death Note
so yeah like this shirt yeah so uh so
yeah I'm really excited to watch the
trailer so let's do my test yesterday
she has a theta
Wow
Oh
okay oh my gosh nose awesome I want to
see this movie so bad I think it looks
awesome like the I guess CGI or whatever
I think the Titans look great I mean
even though they they're just they look
disgusting just the way they're made I
think they did a really good job on them
and the like then flying around the you
know their weapons and stuff you know
cutting their titans heads off looks
awesome and it reminds me of that anime
just as far as like the trailer music
and editing and everything so oh my gosh
I'm really excited I you know they made
an attack on Titan live-action movie
that's really cool no I definitely need
to finish the enemy I really want them
to make a Death Note
I've actually want me to something
hopefully um well us one because I
already made the Japanese one well yeah
let me know what you guys think in the
comments and oh my gosh this awesome
I'll talk to you guys later
why